Signal(SIGINT) needs to be injected to the server executable. (#25)
fujitatomoya/ros2_persist_parameter_server: README.md

  - `[1.0,1.1]` is deduced as `[1, 1.1000000000000001]` because of [yaml-cpp bug](https://github.com/jbeder/yaml-cpp/issues/1016), this will leads to `Failed to parse parameters` exception when loading the persistent parameters from yaml file.
  - The work-around is to use string sequence `["1.0", "1.1"]` instead of double type, then change it into `float()` in the program.

> - [Signal(SIGINT) needs to be injected to the server executable](https://github.com/fujitatomoya/ros2_persist_parameter_server/issues/24)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Signals(2) needs to be injected to the server executable](https://github.com/fujitatomoya/ros2_persist_parameter_server/issues/24)
```
